## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-9mu2JKpUImscOMmwjm1y6MA2YsW3amSoFNYwKeUHxaXYKQ1naywWmamEGMdviEen"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-uBlc/xEFeDxZmBU7K/YWwi3ryXQrLQCAY2K1Dl3OD2DaAQBZZTt6Ew3aeDP20ix0 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-4qer4rJCVxZjkwD4YaJfOnT2NOOt0qdjKYJM2076C+djiJ4lgrP1LVsB/MCpJSET /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-DA5ii4oN8R2fsamNkHOanSjuN4v7j5RIuheQqnxMQ4cFnfekeuhwu4IdNXiCf+UU /es/languages/css.js
sha384-OBugjfIr093hFCxTRdVfKH8Oe3yiBrS58bhyYYTUQJVobk6SUEjD7pnV8BPwsr8a /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-CLo3x4rhnqUonsHs4zrr9gaMxc3gyLcDf2txgYmwyXDlHVe+FmQnYHguuDCbBQ5K /es/languages/elixir.js
sha384-B1unRJpfius4v1CDo8bNYlnKYL4h9uC7uhSE+fTC4WNSZwBHfHbD47N2bFBurjFF /es/languages/elixir.min.js
sha384-7hMYwsnoFLW0Wnjv4vRnZxuedW1tCz7/pydl1b9w3fg7B+rldToCjqzXwCRHUE7C /es/languages/ini.js
sha384-LDu6uT3diI3jBUJtdoGFa787cYlVrR+aqFfmW+kW+TImOkpVe+P5LBdDzydIHo9Z /es/languages/ini.min.js
sha384-WCznKe2n87QvV/L1MlXN+S8R6NPUQGU34+AqogMuWGZJswSD6rt3Mgih+xuKlDgm /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-eGsBtetyKPDKaLiTnxTzhSzTFM6A/yjHBQIj4rAMVaLPKW5tJb8U6XLr/AikCPd+ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-12GbYFzdyZCSmfBTmO2CR/qE89K5uE1PEuJ3QUwXH0Q9u+uoLNigjH9dG7LAxxiI /es/languages/json.js
sha384-+DT7AtubDhVDciRc6CgjJJRsCt0L8NC3Dh8n9Tj2tZWU8rWxDIj1ViubmUDn8OCY /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-UgQTewauLJ4EgpADCJ99JfEtiPvw+fyaSrY1gtCVBviDNG7yCH5U7qutYptSfYk+ /es/languages/makefile.js
sha384-aUXBqKsjOzPD/W+hccF21KKWmWts/CrY/lWGJU+dAcsKtuh1/XtyDnzfLmqy/fV1 /es/languages/makefile.min.js
sha384-+5oyk7Ed3OlvEWGj8xracq/6e52BScKUN4kxcreNwB7kfRTVsAMs/aAJM58dzIFN /es/languages/python.js
sha384-ND/UH2UkaeWiej5v/oJspfKDz9BGUaVpoDcz4cof0jaiv/mCigjvy7RQ7e+3S6bg /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-qoJzsMEj+/mLqO8ijrly9EdS7NefE7hIiEwpLw4vop1thdpo3DbXFeQc8hYnrtFR /es/languages/scheme.js
sha384-lEVNmnotVzJyk7ga6toEDtsBpgn9WoqwbsxeCyDEsmdGqyDBNeWI1kFiqtJ8lJF8 /es/languages/scheme.min.js
sha384-qbbaBGYYg7PdopdWOGj8KdkBosUDY5PAe3aTMJKTqWcriPBJJzCVu5BlwNEwqr9U /languages/bash.js
sha384-ByZsYVIHcE8sB12cYY+NUpM80NAWHoBs5SL8VVocIvqVLdXf1hmXNSBn/H9leT4c /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-r9czyL17/ovexTOK33dRiTbHrtaMDzpUXW4iRpetdu1OhhckHXiFzpgZyni2t1PM /languages/css.js
sha384-HpHXnyEqHVbcY+nua3h7/ajfIrakWJxA3fmIZ9X9kbY45N6V+DPfMtfnLBeYEdCx /languages/css.min.js
sha384-Bd2ywvYdN43SxOMuK6TJ8MEi/51znKu0cait9/ssPMJi6p9Q74aDle3iJ7V4bX2o /languages/elixir.js
sha384-qMYXRUi/Q9Ukntag3SOX3rOfkgLmmjlGA84X26QeOGixvWyfSGEiKwaw5ZKoSyBH /languages/elixir.min.js
sha384-JSUMPR+WT0h/7NlqXi1Al9bVlNT31AeZNpAHttuzu+r02AmxePeqvsZkKqYZf06n /languages/ini.js
sha384-QrHbXsWtJOiJjnLPKgutUfoIrj34yz0+JKPw4CFIDImvaTDQ/wxYyEz/zB3639vM /languages/ini.min.js
sha384-vJxw3XlwaqOQr8IlRPVIBO6DMML5W978fR21/GRI5PAF7yYi2WstLYNG1lXk6j9u /languages/javascript.js
sha384-44q2s9jxk8W5N9gAB0yn7UYLi9E2oVw8eHyaTZLkDS3WuZM/AttkAiVj6JoZuGS4 /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-dq9sY7BcOdU/6YaN+YmFuWFG8MY2WYJG2w3RlDRfaVvjdHchE07Ss7ILfcZ56nUM /languages/json.js
sha384-RbRhXcXx5VHUdUaC5R0oV+XBXA5GhkaVCUzK8xN19K3FmtWSHyGVgulK92XnhBsI /languages/json.min.js
sha384-LmfE+sO0d5qZL2Ka0DIrgJ/5U1plo4uFFAmgjcMxrQO+RkeWVYWuaphHAdrY9g7V /languages/makefile.js
sha384-NIrob3StFQyD/nlOsXVCeRsJ0N2SvFEDjFtYS393wbD3CY1eT+2kwT4RL7tpMMhs /languages/makefile.min.js
sha384-zdZio5RcGiKQJCpe/1IXujPle3bIY8sbmvCabSU5G5GzWAzZtoRZfg9QAQXCL08q /languages/python.js
sha384-IP4vv4Aoh9Lyg8QyzVkAmn2JGoDCpgVHzVSrD3Z+rVyn7+s4wx4pRjv+go3TEwfj /languages/python.min.js
sha384-7fRWpXtyFWskPWp6k73jlKTxGBn4B7kRRMq8eFzjqnmTQDJdQmvVTGQjNfHQeJbu /languages/scheme.js
sha384-wDAOgnGx0t7X9tTKddfqp7kcfAYVDaQDRdfDD+47IukNBVuVGFldV80H4qDTHPOR /languages/scheme.min.js
sha384-9/KVC/u+QCrAw2qeSnnrzkUuRArBJFC7UrUxFb3QiUrvl7JYwVuAtL7yYHo1GEHZ /highlight.js
sha384-YQapfMnPQRtmKitUIJiu5HvbethFg1ZLgW9GpOeCjkQiOxFj3EYNWelxZNUEuKb1 /highlight.min.js
```

